try tried tried tried you try hard, they
tried yesterday.
i have tried many times, called called,
called, called, called, called, called,
called, called.
called home.
They have called often.
Move.
Moved.
They move quickly.
She moved houses.
We have moved furniture.
Play.
Played.
We play sports.
You played yesterday.
He has played often.
Live.
Lived.
You live here.
They lived abroad.
We have lived in cities.
Believe.
Believed.
We believe you.
She believed him.
I have believed in dreams.
Happen.
Happened.
It happens often.
It happened suddenly.
It has happened before.
Include.
Included.
They include everyone.
We included extras.
You have included details.
Continue.
Continued.
He continues working.
We continued despite obstacles.
They have continued learning.
Change.
Changed.
You change often.
She changed her mind.
We have changed jobs.